[nrfconnect] Changes in documentation of examples (#30195)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: examples/all-clusters-app/nrfconnect/README.md

>         $ git submodule update --init

Reviewer: When applying Marcin's comments, you could also replace this with `scripts/checkout_submodules.py --shallow --platform nrfconnect` to fetch less submodules and, in turn, complete the process faster.

> **Note**:
>
> For Linux operating system
> Install [SEGGER J-Link Software](https://www.segger.com/downloads/jlink/#J-LinkSoftwareAndDocumentationPack).

### Installing command line requirements

> To build on the command line, complete the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To be able to build the application on the command line, complete the following steps:
```

Author: Just realized that we can delete this whole line bc step is only one. Thanks

-   With admin permissions enabled, download and install the [nRF Command Line Tools](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Development-tools/nrf-command-line-tools).

### Install Toolchain Manager

Toolchain Manager is available from [nRF Connect for Desktop](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Development-tools/nrf-connect-for-desktop), a cross-platform tool that provides different applications that simplify installing the nRF Connect SDK. Both the tool and the application are available for Windows, Linux, and macOS.

To install the Toolchain Manager app, complete the following steps:

1.  [Download nRF Connect for Desktop](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Development-tools/nrf-connect-for-desktop/download#infotabs) for your operating system.

2.  Install and run the tool on your machine.

> 3.  In the **APPS** section, click **Install** next to Toolchain Manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3.  In the **APPS** section, click **Install** button on the Toolchain Manager tab.
```

### Install nRF Connect SDK

> Complete the following steps to install the nRF Connect SDK source code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Complete the following steps to install the nRF Connect SDK:
```
Installing source code sounds a bit weird to me :)

1.  Open Toolchain Manager in nRF Connect for Desktop.

2.  Click the **Install** button next to the [recommended](../../../config/nrfconnect/.nrfconnect-recommended-revision) version of the nRF Connect SDK.

3.  A pop-up window will inform you about the current installation directory. If you want to change the directory, click the

>     **Change directory** button. Otherwise, click the **Continue installation button**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Change directory** button. Otherwise, click the **Continue installation** button.
```

> 4.  When the nRF Connect SDK is installed on your machine, the Install button changes to the Open VS Code button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4.  When the nRF Connect SDK is installed on your machine, the **Install** button changes to the **Open VS Code** button.
```

> 5.  Click the dropdown menu next to the Open VS Code button for the installed nRF Connect SDK version, and select **Open terminal**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5.  Click the dropdown menu next to the **Open VS Code** button for the installed nRF Connect SDK version, and select **Open terminal**.
```

> **Note**:
>

> > For Linux operating system Install

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> For Linux operating system install
```
